all healthy today I want to show you
game and logic
alex who just don't know very much
great toy on you he is only on ios
on android regret such and granite and
available but only on iphone and dust to
Unfortunately, there is an application easy
chic she develops your logic
shows your logic and there is such
the coefficient allegedly olki only
Called sq worth app dollar
This pro version is free version worth
for free but I bought the pro version for my
personal money because the application
very cool first of all she is very
beautiful scene meaning artists really
tried and now I will show that she
do very cool us already to
Sorry, and I saw this on the android
I saw and I showed my friends and they
I really do not know such an application because
what I want to show you now
Actually how did it become not working?
Now it was necessary to be well, we had to
remove the glass from the nightstand and we can
do various manipulations opera like
device and with the screen and found
accidentally had to quickly remove the nightstand
that under the influence of physics we got
now you need to buy 3 fruits like us
we know watermelon is berry melon
the orange vegetable the frog knew what was needed
buy only an orange like this
put the baby to sleep we have a nipple
bottle and tape recorder the rest here
we need so here
swing like devices and supposedly both of us
south or child and see how it
what a cool app say no
This on Andrei was a whole won and
I did not even see any analogs
the app is very cool first it
beautifully painted written devastater
cooler I thought thought like a living
empty here so many times pressed and a
by broke here and so we emptied
cooler really develop your logic
need to think somewhere need to count
stars for example two three 4 5 6 7 8 9
10 10 stars
but if we write 10 then we have five with
The plus goes to just 5 at the summit not so
as a star, it is also a star or rather a sun
too star otherwise here 11
here is such a toy guys really me
really liked the toy fruit just
cool mouse as high as possible
We put in so stop and get a very
damn have to think and really worth it
think about how to get through this
this or that level we can
use hint make
place the pyramid with the mouse
top okay so we'll do see
There are tips, but in principle you need to
think with your head and logic works and
suggest I really liked
write in the comments you were playing
such an application on your
android device because men
really just get the toy
bread with toaster may need to turn
Yes, you really just need to turn and
the device here is just very beautiful
drawn this time in the second
interactions with family sensors on
your device is a gyroscope and all that
similar and plus still need to think
head
then suggest I really liked me
I do not regret that while only a dollar on
This app is very cool.
sorry no and on android
this is a minus but thank you all
viewing just wanted to show you this
write a toy like this
a game
put likes subscribe to the channel and
let's all pack a good weekend
or rather sunday